docs: minor fixes in formatting and language (#124)
NordicSemiconductor/asset-tracker-cloud-docs: docs/devices/FlashingCertificate/CLI.rst

.. note::

>    Provisioning the certificates and programming the firmware through CLI are not currently supported on WSL2 since it lacks support for serial devices.

Reviewer: Product abbreviation is `WSL 2`: https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/windows/wsl/compare-versions#whats-new-in-wsl-2
```suggestion
   Provisioning the certificates and programming the firmware through CLI are not currently supported on WSL 2 since it lacks support for serial devices.
```
